Oops, was there an earthquake just now?
It seems so.
I feel like Building 32 just shook a few times
Not an earthquake
It's 403 fathers arguing
That's a lot of noise.
I'm afraid of killing people
How much hatred is this?
The house is going to be demolished
Let's go and see.
Hurry up!
I knew you were lying to me
I won't buy you this quilt
We obviously sold it together.
I'm going to rip it open.
Go, tear it away
What are you doing?
Family ugliness should not be publicized
They are
Ah, what's the matter?
The couple is working
Hey ma'am, are you all right? What can I do?
What are you doing in here?
I heard from the neighbors that someone was fighting
I'm afraid of killing people
Who did you hear such rumors from?
It's too late for us to love each other
How could there be a fight?
So what's going on in your house?
Flirting is
We just like to take apart some of our own home things.
Is flirting illegal?
Then please go out quietly next time
The door is closed for me
Don't come in again